Remove UserGroup fields (#16022)
decidim/decidim: RELEASE_NOTES.md

You can read more about this change on PR [#14432](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/14432).

### 2.8. Removal of User Group related fields

> As we deprecated the User Group functionality in v0.31, we are performing some cleanup, which will remove all the DataBase fields related to the UserGroup functionality. This means that `decidim_user_group_id` fields in varios tables will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we deprecated the User Group functionality in v0.31, we are performing some cleanup that will remove all the database fields related to the User Group functionality. This means that `decidim_user_group_id` fields in various tables will be removed.
```
